<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
	<meta charset="UTF-8" />
	<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8" />
	<title>Ginger the Jiraffe</title>
</head>
<body>
<article>
<section id="page-0" class="page">
<p>
<div class="sentence">
By T. Albert
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Illustrated by www.maaillustrations.com
</div>
</p>
</section>
<section id="page-1" class="page">
<p>
<div class="sentence">
Published by monkey pen publishing 2015
</div>
<div class="sentence">
www.monkeypen.com
</div>
</p>
</section>
<section id="page-2" class="page">
<p>
<div class="sentence">
Once upon a time, there was a giraffe named
Ginger.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Ginger lived in Kenya, a country in
Africa.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Like all giraffes, Ginger had a long neck
and long legs.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Because she was so tall, she was
able to eat food from the very tops of the trees in
the savannah.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
The savannah in Africa is an area
with lots of grass and some trees.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Sometimes, a
savannah is called grasslands.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
The other animals
like zebras and antelopes could not reach where
Ginger could reach.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
But Ginger always found
food.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
She loved the leaves and the new buds of the
trees.
</div>
</p>
<header>
Advertisement: Visite MonkeyPen.com for personalised children's gifts
</header>
</section>
<section id="page-3" class="page">
<p>
<div class="sentence">
One day, Ginger was busy eating her favorite
leaves along with some other giraffes.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
It was a
bright sunny day and there was not a cloud in the
sky.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
It had not rained for a long time, so the grass
was very dry.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
She heard a noise down at the
bottom of her extra long legs: it was her friend,
Mickey the Monkey.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Mickey was trying to say
something, but Ginger couldn't understand what
he was saying.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
He looked very tired.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"What's
wrong?" asked Ginger.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Ginger was a very kind
giraffe and wanted to help everyone.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Just then Mickey fell over!
</div>
</p>
</section>
<section id="page-4" class="page">
<p>
<div class="sentence">
Ginger was also a smart giraffe.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
She knew what
was wrong.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Mickey couldn't find anything to eat
and he was very hungry.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Ginger nibbled some
fresh, tender leaves and buds from the top of the
tree where she was eating.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
She dropped some
of the leaves and buds to the ground near where
Mickey was.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Then she nudged him a little with
the hoof at the bottom of one of her very long legs.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"Wake up, Mickey!" said Ginger.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"I've found something for you to eat."
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Slowly Mickey sat up and ate a little.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"Thank you, Ginger," said Mickey.
</div>
</p>
</section>
<section id="page-5" class="page">
<p>
<div class="sentence">
After a while, when Mickey was feeling better,
Ginger asked him, "What's happened, Mickey?
Why are you so hungry? Why can't you find
anything to eat?"
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Mickey said, "It hasn't
rained for so long and now there's no more
food."
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"That's not good," said Ginger.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"What's
happening with the other animals?"
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"No one
knows what to do," answered Mickey.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"All the
zebras and the antelopes and the elephants are
getting worried about the dry grass.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Some of them are thinking about leaving the
savannah and trying to reach the jungle."
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"That's a long trip," said Ginger.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"Are you going to go with them?"
</div>
</p>
<header>
Advertisement: Visite MonkeyPen.com for personalised children's gifts
</header>
</section>
<section id="page-6" class="page">
<p>
<div class="sentence">
"I don't know," answered Mickey.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"What do
you think we should do?"
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Ginger thought for a
while and then suddenly, she had a good idea.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"We
should go talk to Leo the Lion.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
He is the smartest
animal in the savannah!"
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Mickey was too tired to
walk, so Ginger invited him to ride on her back.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"Hold on tight to my neck," said Ginger.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"There's
a lot to hold on to," joked Mickey.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Ginger
laughed.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"You're right. I've got the longest neck
in Africa!"
</div>
<div class="sentence">
So they started their journey across to
the other side of the savannah to look for Leo.
</div>
</p>
</section>
<section id="page-7" class="page">
<p>
<div class="sentence">
Ginger and Mickey were in luck!
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Leo was sitting
up on a rock and he was really easy to see as they
walked through the grass.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"Hi, Leo!" they both
shouted.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Leo had been napping and was a little
grumpy when they woke him up.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
But he was
polite and said, "Hello Ginger and Mickey. Why
did you walk the whole way across the savannah?
Just to wake me up?"
</div>
<div class="sentence">
But he was joking; he had
a smile on his face.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"Mickey says that there is
no food left on the savannah because it's been
so dry," said Ginger.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"Do you have any ideas?"
</div>
</p>
</section>
<section id="page-8" class="page">
<p>
<div class="sentence">
Leo thought for a while.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
He said, "There's nothing
we can do about the rain. It will come soon, but
we can't be sure when it will arrive. When the
rain comes, all the plants will grow again and
there will be lots of food for everybody."
</div>
<div class="sentence">
He thought a little longer.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"The only thing I can
think of is for everyone to move closer to the
forest," he continued.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"There will be more things
to eat there, but I know it's a long trip and it will
not be very easy. It might take days to get there."
</div>
</p>
<header>
Advertisement: Visite MonkeyPen.com for personalised children's gifts
</header>
</section>
<section id="page-9" class="page">
<p>
<div class="sentence">
Ginger and Mickey looked at each other and
then looked back at Leo.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"Thank you, Leo," said
Ginger.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"It's probably best if they all try to get
closer to the jungle."
</div>
<div class="sentence">
They said goodbye and then
walked back across the savannah.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Now they needed to gather all of the animals
together to start the long journey.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Ginger didn't
need to go along because she had plenty of food in
her high trees.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
But she was a good friend
and wanted to help as much as she could.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
They walked towards her favorite trees
and guess what she and Mickey saw?
</div>
</p>
</section>
<section id="page-10" class="page">
<p>
<div class="sentence">
All of the animals were already gathered there and
waiting for Ginger and Mickey!
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"Why are you
all here?" asked Ginger.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"Eddie the Eagle told us
that you're taking us to the edge of the jungle,"
said one of the zebras.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"How did he know?" asked
Mickey.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"He heard you talking with Leo," said
one of the antelopes.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"So you've all decided to
try to walk together to the jungle?" asked Ginger.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"Yes," they all answered.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"If you'll help us to get
there," added one of the elephants.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"Of course,
I'll help," said Ginger.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"I'm your friend."
</div>
</p>
</section>
<section id="page-11" class="page">
<p>
<div class="sentence">
So they started on their big journey across the
savannah to the jungle.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
The sun was so hot and
there was no food and no place to get a drink of
water.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
And then they heard it.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
It was thunder!
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"Thunder!" they all shouted.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Thunder was very
scary to the animals of the savannah.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Can you
guess why?
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Fire!
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Sometimes the lightning hits
the dry grass and the whole savannah catches fire.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Then everyone has to run.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
And that is exactly
what happened.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"Fire!" they shouted.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
They
could smell it.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
And now they could see it.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
The fire was coming towards them!
</div>
</p>
<header>
Advertisement: Visite MonkeyPen.com for personalised children's gifts
</header>
</section>
<section id="page-12" class="page">
<p>
<div class="sentence">
Ginger had to think fast.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Because she was so
tall she could see farther than any of the other
animals.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
She stretched her long neck up as far
as she could.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Now she could see a place where
there was no fire.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"Quick!" she said.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"Everyone
run this way."
</div>
<div class="sentence">
All of the animals followed her
and ran as fast as they could.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Soon, they were
out of danger.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
They stopped and gathered
together one more time.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"Is everyone here?"
Ginger asked.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
She wanted to make sure they
were all safe.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
All the animals looked around;
they were all there.
</div>
</p>
</section>
<section id="page-13" class="page">
<p>
<div class="sentence">
And then the most wonderful thing happened.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"I felt a drop," said a zebra.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
"Me too," said an
antelope.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
It was rain!
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Finally!
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Everyone was
very happy.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
It started to rain a little more and
then a little more.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
The rain put out the fire so
they didn't have to run.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
And the rain filled their
watering holes and made the plants grow again,
so they didn't have to make that long trip to the
edge of the jungle.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Everyone would soon have
enough food and water.
</div>
<div class="sentence">
So Ginger, the Giraffe
went back to her favorite tree and continued
to munch on the leaves and buds.
</div>
</p>
<p>
<div class="sentence">
The End
</div>
</p>
</section>
<section id="page-14" class="page">
<footer>
www.monkeypen.com
</footer>
<p>
Discover More
</p>
<p>
Discover More
</p>
<p>
Discover More
</p>
<p>
Why Fit in When You Were Born to
STANDOUT!
</p>
FREE
Children's
books
<p>
Personalised
Superhero Portraits
</p>
<p>
Personalised Children's
Books with Illustrated Photos
</p>
<p>
Digital Portraits
</p>
</section>
<section id="page-15" class="page">
<div class="sentence">
By T. Albert
</div>
<div class="sentence">
Illustrated by www.maaillustrations.com
</div>
</section>
</article>
</body>
</html>